docs/servo.md, before:

<!--remove-start-->

# Servo

<!--remove-end-->






##### Breadboard for "Servo"



![docs/breadboard/servo.png](breadboard/servo.png)<br>

Fritzing diagram: [docs/breadboard/servo.fzz](breadboard/servo.fzz)

&nbsp;




Run this example from the command line with:
```bash
node eg/servo.js
```


```javascript
const {Board, Servo} = require("johnny-five");
const board = new Board();

board.on("ready", () => {
  const servo = new Servo(10);

  // Servo alternate constructor with options
  /*
  var servo = new five.Servo({
    id: "MyServo",     // User defined id
    pin: 10,           // Which pin is it attached to?
    type: "standard",  // Default: "standard". Use "continuous" for continuous rotation servos
    range: [0,180],    // Default: 0-180
    fps: 100,          // Used to calculate rate of movement between positions
    invert: false,     // Invert all specified positions
    startAt: 90,       // Immediately move to a degree
    center: true,      // overrides startAt if true and moves the servo to the center of the range
  });
  */

  // Add servo to REPL (optional)
  board.repl.inject({
    servo
  });


  // Servo API

  // min()
  //
  // set the servo to the minimum degrees
  // defaults to 0
  //
  // eg. servo.min();

  // max()
  //
  // set the servo to the maximum degrees
  // defaults to 180
  //
  // eg. servo.max();

  // center()
  //
  // centers the servo to 90°
  //
  // servo.center();

  // to( deg )
  //
  // Moves the servo to position by degrees
  //
  // servo.to( 90 );

  // step( deg )
  //
  // step all servos by deg
  //
  // eg. array.step( -20 );

  servo.sweep();
});

```








&nbsp;

<!--remove-start-->

## License
Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Rick Waldron <waldron.rick@gmail.com>
Licensed under the MIT license.
Copyright (c) 2015-2020 The Johnny-Five Contributors
Licensed under the MIT license.

<!--remove-end-->

Commit message:

Updated servo docs to reflect PWM problem

docs/servo.md, after:

<!--remove-start-->

# Servo

<!--remove-end-->






##### Breadboard for "Servo"



![docs/breadboard/servo.png](breadboard/servo.png)<br>

Fritzing diagram: [docs/breadboard/servo.fzz](breadboard/servo.fzz)

&nbsp;




Run this example from the command line with:
```bash
node eg/servo.js
```
> **Warning:** Servo library may interfere with PWM on pins 9 and 10 on some boards like UNO even if pins are not used by Servo.
> Use other PWM pins when Servo is connected.

```javascript
const {Board, Servo} = require("johnny-five");
const board = new Board();

board.on("ready", () => {
  const servo = new Servo(10);

  // Servo alternate constructor with options
  /*
  var servo = new five.Servo({
    id: "MyServo",     // User defined id
    pin: 10,           // Which pin is it attached to?
    type: "standard",  // Default: "standard". Use "continuous" for continuous rotation servos
    range: [0,180],    // Default: 0-180
    fps: 100,          // Used to calculate rate of movement between positions
    invert: false,     // Invert all specified positions
    startAt: 90,       // Immediately move to a degree
    center: true,      // overrides startAt if true and moves the servo to the center of the range
  });
  */

  // Add servo to REPL (optional)
  board.repl.inject({
    servo
  });


  // Servo API

  // min()
  //
  // set the servo to the minimum degrees
  // defaults to 0
  //
  // eg. servo.min();

  // max()
  //
  // set the servo to the maximum degrees
  // defaults to 180
  //
  // eg. servo.max();

  // center()
  //
  // centers the servo to 90°
  //
  // servo.center();

  // to( deg )
  //
  // Moves the servo to position by degrees
  //
  // servo.to( 90 );

  // step( deg )
  //
  // step all servos by deg
  //
  // eg. array.step( -20 );

  servo.sweep();
});

```








&nbsp;

<!--remove-start-->

## License
Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Rick Waldron <waldron.rick@gmail.com>
Licensed under the MIT license.
Copyright (c) 2015-2020 The Johnny-Five Contributors
Licensed under the MIT license.

<!--remove-end-->
