tpl/.eg.md, before:

<!--remove-start-->

# <%= title %>

<!--remove-end-->

<% if (description) { %>
<%= description %>
<% } %>



<% if (primary) { %>
<%= primary %>
<% } %>


Run this example from the command line with:
```bash
<%= command %>
```


```javascript
<%= example %>
```
<% if (alternates.length) { %>
## Alternates
<% alternates.forEach(function(alternate) { %>

### <%= alternate.title %>

<% if (alternate.description) { %>
<%= alternate.description %>
<% } %>

```javascript
<%= alternate.source %>
```
<% }); %>
<% } %>
<% if (images) { %>
## Illustrations / Photos
<% } %>

<%= images %>
<% if (embeds) { %>
<%= embeds %>
<% } %>
<% if (markdown) { %>
## Additional Notes
<%= markdown %>
<% } %>
<% if (externals.length) { %>
## Learn More
<% externals.forEach(function(item) { %>
- [<%=item.title%>](<%=item.href%>)
<% }); %>
<% } %>&nbsp;

<!--remove-start-->

## License
Copyright (c) 2012, 2013, 2014 Rick Waldron <waldron.rick@gmail.com>
Licensed under the MIT license.
Copyright (c) <%= theYear %> The Johnny-Five Contributors
Licensed under the MIT license.

<!--remove-end-->

Commit message:

Update example template copyright years

tpl/.eg.md, after:

<!--remove-start-->

# <%= title %>

<!--remove-end-->

<% if (description) { %>
<%= description %>
<% } %>



<% if (primary) { %>
<%= primary %>
<% } %>


Run this example from the command line with:
```bash
<%= command %>
```


```javascript
<%= example %>
```
<% if (alternates.length) { %>
## Alternates
<% alternates.forEach(function(alternate) { %>

### <%= alternate.title %>

<% if (alternate.description) { %>
<%= alternate.description %>
<% } %>

```javascript
<%= alternate.source %>
```
<% }); %>
<% } %>
<% if (images) { %>
## Illustrations / Photos
<% } %>

<%= images %>
<% if (embeds) { %>
<%= embeds %>
<% } %>
<% if (markdown) { %>
## Additional Notes
<%= markdown %>
<% } %>
<% if (externals.length) { %>
## Learn More
<% externals.forEach(function(item) { %>
- [<%=item.title%>](<%=item.href%>)
<% }); %>
<% } %>&nbsp;

<!--remove-start-->

## License
Copyright (c) 2012, 2013, 2014 Rick Waldron <waldron.rick@gmail.com>
Licensed under the MIT license.
Copyright (c) 2015, 2016, 2017 The Johnny-Five Contributors
Licensed under the MIT license.
Copyright (c) <%= theYear %> The Johnny-Five Contributors
Licensed under the MIT license.

<!--remove-end-->
