tpl/.readme.md, before:

![](https://github.com/rwaldron/johnny-five/raw/main/assets/sgier-johnny-five.png)

# Johnny-Five
### The JavaScript Robotics Programming Framework

<%= noedit %>

_Artwork by [Mike Sgier](http://msgierillustration.com)_

<!-- Customized for Code.org -->
[![Travis Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/code-dot-org/johnny-five.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.org/code-dot-org/johnny-five)
<!-- No appveyor or gitter -->

_This is the [Code.org](https://code.org) fork of johnny-five.  Please [check out the main project here!](https://github.com/rwaldron/johnny-five)_

This project was forked in 2017 to provide better support for the [Adafruit Circuit Playground](https://learn.adafruit.com/introducing-circuit-playground/overview) which is used in the Code.org curriculum. The project was updated to the latest release of its upstream in September 2022, and Code.org customizations were then re-implemented.

#### Source Code:

``` bash
git clone https://github.com/code-dot-org/johnny-five

cd johnny-five

npm install
```

## Building and testing with apps

This is the most typical use case for @code-dot-org/johnny-five fork development.

[Apps (aka Code Studio)](https://github.com/code-dot-org/code-dot-org/tree/staging/apps) is a set of apps which installs and references this package. You can run the dashboard locally from the apps directory using `bin/dashboard-server` ([setup reference](https://github.com/code-dot-org/code-dot-org/blob/staging/SETUP.md))

Below are two options for local development and testing.

1. Use [yarn link](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/cli/link) 

```
cd {@code-dot-org/johnny-five repo directory}
yarn link
cd {code-dot-org repo directory}/apps
yarn link @code-dot-org/johnny-five
```

When you are finished testing locally, you must undo yarn link in the reverse order:

```
cd {code-dot-org repo directory}/apps
yarn unlink @code-dot-org/johnny-five
cd {@code-dot-org/johnny-five repo directory}
yarn unlink
```

The advantages of using `yarn link` is that changes in @code-dot-org/johnny-five are automatically transferred to @code-dot-org/code-dot-org/apps/node_modules and there are no local changes to package.json or yarn.lock. The disadvantage is that after you run the dashboard-server, you will need to use the Code.org Maker App locally to view and interact with the App lab with the enabled Maker Toolkit.

2. [yarn add](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/add/):

```
cd {code-dot-org repo directory}/apps
yarn add <file-path-to-local-folder> 
```

When you are finished testing locally, you can run `yarn @code-dot-org/johnny-five` to install the npm package instead of the local package. 


An advantage of using `yarn add` is that when you run the Apps dashboard server locally, you will be able access the App lab with the enabled Maker Toolkit using your browser (no need to use the Maker app). The disadvantages of using `yarn add` are that changes in @code-dot-org/johnny-five are not automatically transferred to @code-dot-org/code-dot-org/apps/node_modules so that you must run `yarn add <file-path-to-local-folder>` again after any changes in the local johnny-five package. In addition, there are changes to your package.json and yarn.lock locally that you do not want to commit.

For both options, Apps will now reference your local @code-dot-org/johnny-five repository rather than the npm package. If you make local changes to your repo, you can rebuild apps (via `yarn run build` in code-dot-org/apps) to communicate these changes to apps.


## Testing
You can lint and test your code (unit tests included in `test/`) using the `grunt` command. Remember to add or update unit tests for any new or changed functionality.

There are additional tests in Apps within apps/test/unit/lib/kits/boards/circuitPlayground and apps/test/unit/lib/kits/boards that you can run locally to test any new updates within johnny-five. Refer to [testing.md](https://github.com/code-dot-org/code-dot-org/blob/staging/TESTING.md).

## Updating README
If you'd like to make changes to the readme contents, please make them in the tpl/.readme.md file. Then generated the markdown with: `grunt examples`.

<!-- End of Code.org customizations -->

**Johnny-Five is an Open Source, Firmata Protocol based, IoT and Robotics programming framework, developed by the [Nodebots](https://twitter.com/nodebots) Community. Johnny-Five programs can be written for Arduino (all models), Electric Imp, Beagle Bone, Intel Galileo & Edison, Linino One, Pinoccio, pcDuino3, Raspberry Pi, Particle/Spark Core & Photon, Tessel 2, TI Launchpad and more!**

Johnny-Five has grown from a passion project into a tool for inspiring learning and creativity for people of all ages, backgrounds, and from all across the world.

Just interested in learning and building awesome things? You might want to start with the official [Johnny-Five website](http://johnny-five.io).

* If you want to find the API documentation, [that’s right here](http://johnny-five.io/api/).
* Need to figure out what platform to use for a project? We put that stuff [here](http://johnny-five.io/platform-support/).
* Need inspiration for your next NodeBot? Check out the [examples](http://johnny-five.io/examples/).
* Want to stay up-to-date with projects in the community? [Check this out](http://johnny-five.io/articles/).
* Need NodeBots community or Johnny-Five project updates and announcements? [This](http://johnny-five.io/news/) is what you’re looking for.


Johnny-Five does not attempt to provide "all the things", but instead focuses on delivering robust, reality tested, highly composable APIs that behave consistently across all supported hardware platforms. Johnny-Five wants to be a baseline control kit for hardware projects, allowing you the freedom to build, grow and experiment with diverse JavaScript libraries of your own choice. Johnny-Five couples comfortably with:

- Popular application libraries such as [Express.js](http://expressjs.com/) and [Socket.io](http://socket.io/).
- Fellow hardware projects like [ar-drone](https://github.com/felixge/node-ar-drone), [Aerogel](https://github.com/ceejbot/aerogel) and [Spheron](https://github.com/alchemycs/spheron)
- Bluetooth game controllers like [XBox Controller](https://github.com/andrew/node-xbox-controller) and [DualShock](https://github.com/rdepena/node-dualshock-controller)
- IoT frameworks, such as [Octoblu](http://www.octoblu.com/)

...And that's only a few of the many explorable possibilities. Check out these exciting projects: [node-pulsesensor](https://www.npmjs.org/package/node-pulsesensor), [footballbot-workshop-ui](https://www.npmjs.org/package/footballbot-workshop-ui), [nodebotui](https://www.npmjs.org/package/nodebotui), [dublin-disco](https://www.npmjs.org/package/dublin-disco), [node-slot-car-bot](https://www.npmjs.org/package/node-slot-car-bot), [servo-calibrator](https://www.npmjs.org/package/servo-calibrator), [node-ardx](https://www.npmjs.org/package/node-ardx), [nodebot-workshop](https://www.npmjs.org/package/nodebot-workshop), [phone-home](https://www.npmjs.org/package/phone-home), [purple-unicorn](https://www.npmjs.org/package/purple-unicorn), [webduino](https://www.npmjs.org/package/webduino), [leapduino](https://www.npmjs.org/package/leapduino), [lasercat-workshop](https://www.npmjs.org/package/lasercat-workshop), [simplesense](https://www.npmjs.org/package/simplesense), [five-redbot](https://www.npmjs.org/package/five-redbot), [robotnik](https://www.npmjs.org/package/robotnik), [the-blender](https://www.npmjs.org/package/the-blender)


**Why JavaScript?**
[NodeBots: The Rise of JavaScript Robotics](http://www.voodootikigod.com/nodebots-the-rise-of-js-robotics)

## Hello Johnny

The ubiquitous "Hello World" program of the microcontroller and SoC world is "blink an LED". The following code demonstrates how this is done using the Johnny-Five framework.

```javascript
const { Board, Led } = require("johnny-five");
const board = new Board();

board.on("ready", () => {
  // Create an Led on pin 13
  const led = new Led(13);
  // Blink every half second
  led.blink(500);
});
```

<img src="https://github.com/rwaldron/johnny-five/raw/main/assets/led-blink.gif">

> Note: Node will crash if you try to run johnny-five in the node REPL, but board instances will create their own contextual REPL. Put your script in a file.


## Supported Hardware

Johnny-Five has been tested on a variety of Arduino-compatible [Boards](https://github.com/rwaldron/johnny-five/wiki/Board).

For non-Arduino based projects, a number of platform-specific [IO Plugins](https://github.com/rwaldron/johnny-five/wiki/IO-Plugins) are available. IO Plugins allow Johnny-Five code to communicate with any non-Arduino based hardware in whatever language that platforms speaks!

## Documentation

Documentation for the Johnny-Five API can be found [here](http://johnny-five.io/api/) and [example programs here](http://johnny-five.io/examples/).

## Guidance

Need help? Ask a question on the [NodeBots Community Forum](http://forums.nodebots.io). If you just have a quick question or are interested in ongoing design discussions, join us in the [Johnny-Five Gitter Chat](https://gitter.im/rwaldron/johnny-five).

For step-by-step examples, including an electronics primer, check out [Arduino Experimenter's Guide for NodeJS](http://node-ardx.org/) by [@AnnaGerber](https://twitter.com/AnnaGerber)

Here is a list of [prerequisites](https://github.com/rwaldron/johnny-five/wiki/Getting-Started#prerequisites) for Linux, OSX or Windows.

Check out the [bluetooth guide](https://github.com/rwaldron/johnny-five/wiki/JY-MCU-Bluetooth-Serial-Port-Module-Notes) if you want to remotely control your robot.

## Setup and Assemble Arduino

- Recommended Starting Kit: [Sparkfun Inventor's Kit](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/12001)
- Download [Arduino IDE](http://arduino.cc/en/main/software)
- Plug in your Arduino or Arduino compatible microcontroller via USB
- Open the Arduino IDE, select: File > Examples > Firmata > StandardFirmataPlus
    + StandardFirmataPlus is available in Firmata v2.5.0 or greater
- Click the "Upload" button.

If the upload was successful, the board is now prepared and you can close the Arduino IDE.

For non-Arduino projects, each IO Plugin's repo will provide its own platform specific setup instructions.


## Hey you, here's Johnny!

#### Source Code:

``` bash
git clone git://github.com/rwaldron/johnny-five.git && cd johnny-five

npm install
```

#### npm package:

Install the module with:

```bash
npm install johnny-five
```


## Example Programs

To get you up and running quickly, we provide a variety of examples for using each Johnny-Five component. One thing we’re especially excited about is the extensive collection of [Fritzing](http://fritzing.org/home/) diagrams you’ll find throughout the site. A huge part of doing any Johnny-Five project is handling the actual hardware, and we’ve included these as part of the documentation because we realised that instructions on how to write code to control a servo are insufficient without instructions on how to connect a servo!

To interactively navigate the examples, visit the [Johnny-Five examples](http://johnny-five.io/examples/) page on the official website. If you want to link directly to the examples in this repo, you can use one of the following links.

**There are presently <%= egcount %> example programs with code and diagrams!**

<!--extract-start:examples-->
<%= eglinks %>
<!--extract-end:examples-->

## Many fragments. Some large, some small.

#### [Wireless Nodebot](http://jsfiddle.net/rwaldron/88M6b/show/light)
#### [Kinect Controlled Robot Arm](http://jsfiddle.net/rwaldron/XMsGQ/show/light/)
#### [Biped Nodebot](http://jsfiddle.net/rwaldron/WZkn5/show/light/)
#### [LCD Running Man](http://jsfiddle.net/rwaldron/xKwaU/show/light/)
#### [Slider Controlled Panning Servo](http://jsfiddle.net/rwaldron/kZakv/show/light/)
#### [Joystick Controlled Laser (pan/tilt) 1](http://jsfiddle.net/rwaldron/HPqms/show/light/)
#### [Joystick Controlled Laser (pan/tilt) 2](http://jsfiddle.net/rwaldron/YHb7A/show/light/)
#### [Joystick Controlled Claw](http://jsfiddle.net/rwaldron/6ZXFe/show/light/)
#### [Robot Claw](http://jsfiddle.net/rwaldron/CFSZJ/show/light/)
#### [Joystick, Motor & Led](http://jsfiddle.net/rwaldron/gADSz/show/light/)
#### [Build you own drone](http://github.com/darioodiaz/node-open-pilot/)



## Make: JavaScript Robotics

[![](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91ae8ZZDQ2L.jpg)](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920031390.do)




## Contributing
All contributions must adhere to the [Idiomatic.js Style Guide](https://github.com/rwaldron/idiomatic.js),
by maintaining the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [grunt](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt).


## License
Copyright (c) 2012, 2013, 2014 Rick Waldron <waldron.rick@gmail.com>
Licensed under the MIT license.
Copyright (c) 2014, 2015 The Johnny-Five Contributors
Licensed under the MIT license.

Commit message:

updated readme and removed yarn link

tpl/.readme.md, after:

![](https://github.com/rwaldron/johnny-five/raw/main/assets/sgier-johnny-five.png)

# Johnny-Five
### The JavaScript Robotics Programming Framework

<%= noedit %>

_Artwork by [Mike Sgier](http://msgierillustration.com)_

<!-- Customized for Code.org -->
[![Travis Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/code-dot-org/johnny-five.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.org/code-dot-org/johnny-five)
<!-- No appveyor or gitter -->

_This is the [Code.org](https://code.org) fork of johnny-five.  Please [check out the main project here!](https://github.com/rwaldron/johnny-five)_

This project was forked in 2017 to provide better support for the [Adafruit Circuit Playground](https://learn.adafruit.com/introducing-circuit-playground/overview) which is used in the Code.org curriculum. The project was updated to the latest release of its upstream in September 2022, and Code.org customizations were then re-implemented.

#### Source Code:

``` bash
git clone https://github.com/code-dot-org/johnny-five

cd johnny-five

npm install
```

## Building and testing with apps

This is the most typical use case for @code-dot-org/johnny-five fork development.

[Apps (aka Code Studio)](https://github.com/code-dot-org/code-dot-org/tree/staging/apps) is a set of apps which installs and references this package. You can run the dashboard locally from the apps directory using `bin/dashboard-server` ([setup reference](https://github.com/code-dot-org/code-dot-org/blob/staging/SETUP.md))


You can use [`yarn add`](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/add/) for local development and testing.

```
cd {code-dot-org repo directory}/apps
yarn add <file-path-to-local-folder> 
```

When you are finished testing locally, you can run `yarn @code-dot-org/johnny-five` to install the npm package instead of the local package. 

Note that a copy of the local johnny-five package was added to your node_modules directory so that changes in @code-dot-org/johnny-five are not automatically transferred to @code-dot-org/code-dot-org/apps/node_modules. Thus, you must run `yarn add <file-path-to-local-folder>` again after any changes in the local johnny-five package. 

In addition, there are changes to your package.json and yarn.lock locally that you do not want to commit.


## Testing
You can lint and test your code (unit tests included in `test/`) using the `grunt` command. Remember to add or update unit tests for any new or changed functionality.

There are additional tests in Apps within apps/test/unit/lib/kits/boards/circuitPlayground and apps/test/unit/lib/kits/boards that you can run locally to test any new updates within johnny-five. Refer to [testing.md](https://github.com/code-dot-org/code-dot-org/blob/staging/TESTING.md).

## Updating README
If you'd like to make changes to the readme contents, please make them in the tpl/.readme.md file. Then generated the markdown with: `grunt examples`.

<!-- End of Code.org customizations -->

**Johnny-Five is an Open Source, Firmata Protocol based, IoT and Robotics programming framework, developed by the [Nodebots](https://twitter.com/nodebots) Community. Johnny-Five programs can be written for Arduino (all models), Electric Imp, Beagle Bone, Intel Galileo & Edison, Linino One, Pinoccio, pcDuino3, Raspberry Pi, Particle/Spark Core & Photon, Tessel 2, TI Launchpad and more!**

Johnny-Five has grown from a passion project into a tool for inspiring learning and creativity for people of all ages, backgrounds, and from all across the world.

Just interested in learning and building awesome things? You might want to start with the official [Johnny-Five website](http://johnny-five.io).

* If you want to find the API documentation, [that’s right here](http://johnny-five.io/api/).
* Need to figure out what platform to use for a project? We put that stuff [here](http://johnny-five.io/platform-support/).
* Need inspiration for your next NodeBot? Check out the [examples](http://johnny-five.io/examples/).
* Want to stay up-to-date with projects in the community? [Check this out](http://johnny-five.io/articles/).
* Need NodeBots community or Johnny-Five project updates and announcements? [This](http://johnny-five.io/news/) is what you’re looking for.


Johnny-Five does not attempt to provide "all the things", but instead focuses on delivering robust, reality tested, highly composable APIs that behave consistently across all supported hardware platforms. Johnny-Five wants to be a baseline control kit for hardware projects, allowing you the freedom to build, grow and experiment with diverse JavaScript libraries of your own choice. Johnny-Five couples comfortably with:

- Popular application libraries such as [Express.js](http://expressjs.com/) and [Socket.io](http://socket.io/).
- Fellow hardware projects like [ar-drone](https://github.com/felixge/node-ar-drone), [Aerogel](https://github.com/ceejbot/aerogel) and [Spheron](https://github.com/alchemycs/spheron)
- Bluetooth game controllers like [XBox Controller](https://github.com/andrew/node-xbox-controller) and [DualShock](https://github.com/rdepena/node-dualshock-controller)
- IoT frameworks, such as [Octoblu](http://www.octoblu.com/)

...And that's only a few of the many explorable possibilities. Check out these exciting projects: [node-pulsesensor](https://www.npmjs.org/package/node-pulsesensor), [footballbot-workshop-ui](https://www.npmjs.org/package/footballbot-workshop-ui), [nodebotui](https://www.npmjs.org/package/nodebotui), [dublin-disco](https://www.npmjs.org/package/dublin-disco), [node-slot-car-bot](https://www.npmjs.org/package/node-slot-car-bot), [servo-calibrator](https://www.npmjs.org/package/servo-calibrator), [node-ardx](https://www.npmjs.org/package/node-ardx), [nodebot-workshop](https://www.npmjs.org/package/nodebot-workshop), [phone-home](https://www.npmjs.org/package/phone-home), [purple-unicorn](https://www.npmjs.org/package/purple-unicorn), [webduino](https://www.npmjs.org/package/webduino), [leapduino](https://www.npmjs.org/package/leapduino), [lasercat-workshop](https://www.npmjs.org/package/lasercat-workshop), [simplesense](https://www.npmjs.org/package/simplesense), [five-redbot](https://www.npmjs.org/package/five-redbot), [robotnik](https://www.npmjs.org/package/robotnik), [the-blender](https://www.npmjs.org/package/the-blender)


**Why JavaScript?**
[NodeBots: The Rise of JavaScript Robotics](http://www.voodootikigod.com/nodebots-the-rise-of-js-robotics)

## Hello Johnny

The ubiquitous "Hello World" program of the microcontroller and SoC world is "blink an LED". The following code demonstrates how this is done using the Johnny-Five framework.

```javascript
const { Board, Led } = require("johnny-five");
const board = new Board();

board.on("ready", () => {
  // Create an Led on pin 13
  const led = new Led(13);
  // Blink every half second
  led.blink(500);
});
```

<img src="https://github.com/rwaldron/johnny-five/raw/main/assets/led-blink.gif">

> Note: Node will crash if you try to run johnny-five in the node REPL, but board instances will create their own contextual REPL. Put your script in a file.


## Supported Hardware

Johnny-Five has been tested on a variety of Arduino-compatible [Boards](https://github.com/rwaldron/johnny-five/wiki/Board).

For non-Arduino based projects, a number of platform-specific [IO Plugins](https://github.com/rwaldron/johnny-five/wiki/IO-Plugins) are available. IO Plugins allow Johnny-Five code to communicate with any non-Arduino based hardware in whatever language that platforms speaks!

## Documentation

Documentation for the Johnny-Five API can be found [here](http://johnny-five.io/api/) and [example programs here](http://johnny-five.io/examples/).

## Guidance

Need help? Ask a question on the [NodeBots Community Forum](http://forums.nodebots.io). If you just have a quick question or are interested in ongoing design discussions, join us in the [Johnny-Five Gitter Chat](https://gitter.im/rwaldron/johnny-five).

For step-by-step examples, including an electronics primer, check out [Arduino Experimenter's Guide for NodeJS](http://node-ardx.org/) by [@AnnaGerber](https://twitter.com/AnnaGerber)

Here is a list of [prerequisites](https://github.com/rwaldron/johnny-five/wiki/Getting-Started#prerequisites) for Linux, OSX or Windows.

Check out the [bluetooth guide](https://github.com/rwaldron/johnny-five/wiki/JY-MCU-Bluetooth-Serial-Port-Module-Notes) if you want to remotely control your robot.

## Setup and Assemble Arduino

- Recommended Starting Kit: [Sparkfun Inventor's Kit](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/12001)
- Download [Arduino IDE](http://arduino.cc/en/main/software)
- Plug in your Arduino or Arduino compatible microcontroller via USB
- Open the Arduino IDE, select: File > Examples > Firmata > StandardFirmataPlus
    + StandardFirmataPlus is available in Firmata v2.5.0 or greater
- Click the "Upload" button.

If the upload was successful, the board is now prepared and you can close the Arduino IDE.

For non-Arduino projects, each IO Plugin's repo will provide its own platform specific setup instructions.


## Hey you, here's Johnny!

#### Source Code:

``` bash
git clone git://github.com/rwaldron/johnny-five.git && cd johnny-five

npm install
```

#### npm package:

Install the module with:

```bash
npm install johnny-five
```


## Example Programs

To get you up and running quickly, we provide a variety of examples for using each Johnny-Five component. One thing we’re especially excited about is the extensive collection of [Fritzing](http://fritzing.org/home/) diagrams you’ll find throughout the site. A huge part of doing any Johnny-Five project is handling the actual hardware, and we’ve included these as part of the documentation because we realised that instructions on how to write code to control a servo are insufficient without instructions on how to connect a servo!

To interactively navigate the examples, visit the [Johnny-Five examples](http://johnny-five.io/examples/) page on the official website. If you want to link directly to the examples in this repo, you can use one of the following links.

**There are presently <%= egcount %> example programs with code and diagrams!**

<!--extract-start:examples-->
<%= eglinks %>
<!--extract-end:examples-->

## Many fragments. Some large, some small.

#### [Wireless Nodebot](http://jsfiddle.net/rwaldron/88M6b/show/light)
#### [Kinect Controlled Robot Arm](http://jsfiddle.net/rwaldron/XMsGQ/show/light/)
#### [Biped Nodebot](http://jsfiddle.net/rwaldron/WZkn5/show/light/)
#### [LCD Running Man](http://jsfiddle.net/rwaldron/xKwaU/show/light/)
#### [Slider Controlled Panning Servo](http://jsfiddle.net/rwaldron/kZakv/show/light/)
#### [Joystick Controlled Laser (pan/tilt) 1](http://jsfiddle.net/rwaldron/HPqms/show/light/)
#### [Joystick Controlled Laser (pan/tilt) 2](http://jsfiddle.net/rwaldron/YHb7A/show/light/)
#### [Joystick Controlled Claw](http://jsfiddle.net/rwaldron/6ZXFe/show/light/)
#### [Robot Claw](http://jsfiddle.net/rwaldron/CFSZJ/show/light/)
#### [Joystick, Motor & Led](http://jsfiddle.net/rwaldron/gADSz/show/light/)
#### [Build you own drone](http://github.com/darioodiaz/node-open-pilot/)



## Make: JavaScript Robotics

[![](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91ae8ZZDQ2L.jpg)](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920031390.do)




## Contributing
All contributions must adhere to the [Idiomatic.js Style Guide](https://github.com/rwaldron/idiomatic.js),
by maintaining the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [grunt](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt).


## License
Copyright (c) 2012, 2013, 2014 Rick Waldron <waldron.rick@gmail.com>
Licensed under the MIT license.
Copyright (c) 2014, 2015 The Johnny-Five Contributors
Licensed under the MIT license.
